Update gitpod docs (#6255)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/environments/gitpod.mdx

## Gitpod

> Gitpod is an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environments in your browser - powered by VS Code.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gitpod is an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.<br />
```

> It automates the provisioning of a ready-to-code developer environment, so you will have all the dependencies you need (for example MongoDB).<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also automates the provisioning of a ready-to-code developer environment, so you will have all the dependencies you need (for example MongoDB).<br />
```

> With Gitpod, there’s no need to download any code to your machine. It can spin up a server-side-dev-environment for you in seconds from any Git Repository.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Gitpod, there’s no need to download any code to your machine. It can create a server-side-dev-environment for you in seconds from any repository on GitHub.<br />
```

### How to use Gitpod

There are 2 ways you can open a repository with Gitpod:

- Prefix the url with `gitpod.io/#`
- Use the [Browser Extension](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension)

### Development

> Once you have open't a repository, you can develop as you are used to! In the next example, we will update our profile on LinkFree.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have opened a repository, you can develop as you usually do! In the next example, we will update our profile from LinkFree.<br />
```

> Be sure that you have a forked of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, checkout our Quickstart Guide.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***NOTE:*** Be sure that you have a forked of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).<br />
```

> ***NOTE:*** Be sure that you have a forked of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
***NOTE:*** Be sure that you have a fork of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).<br />
```

Open your fork and follow along.

> As a first step, we will make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, Let's make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:
```

```bash
git checkout main
git pull upstream main
```

> Now we can update our profile. To do this, checkout a new branch with the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can update our profile. To do this, create a new branch with the following command
```

## Gitpod

Gitpod is an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code. It also automates the provisioning of a ready-to-code developer environment, so you will have all the dependencies you need (for example MongoDB). With Gitpod, there’s no need to download any code to your machine. It can create a server-side-dev-environment for you in seconds from any repository on GitHub.

### How to use Gitpod

You can use Gitpod in the cloud. Please note, that Gitpod requires additional configuration to work on the authenticated pages in LinkFree.  See instructions for [how to set up your OAuth app](/docs/environments/environment-variables) for more information.

There are 2 ways you can open a repository with Gitpod:

- Prefix the url with `gitpod.io/#`
- Use the [Browser Extension](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension)

### Development

> Once you have opened a repository, you can develop as you usually do! In the next example, we will update our profile from LinkFree.<br />
> **_NOTE:_** Be sure that you have a fork of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out the [Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).<br />
> Open your fork and follow along.
> 
> First, Let's make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you have opened a repository, you can develop as you usually do! In the next example, we will update our profile from LinkFree.

**_NOTE:_** Be sure that you have a fork of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out the [Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).

Open your fork and follow along.

First, Let's make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:
```

## Gitpod

> Gitpod is an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.<br />
> It also automates the provisioning of a ready-to-code developer environment, so you will have all the dependencies you need (for example MongoDB).<br />
> With Gitpod, there’s no need to download any code to your machine. It can create a server-side-dev-environment for you in seconds from any repository on GitHub.<br />

Reviewer 3: `<br />` this is not needed, it is best to use markdown for styling 

```suggestion
Gitpod is an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code. It also automates the provisioning of a ready-to-code developer environment, so you will have all the dependencies you need (for example MongoDB). With Gitpod, there’s no need to download any code to your machine. It can create a server-side-dev-environment for you in seconds from any repository on GitHub.
```

You can use Gitpod in the cloud. Please note, that Gitpod requires additional configuration to work on the authenticated pages in LinkFree.  See instructions for [how to set up your OAuth app](/docs/environments/environment-variables) for more information.

There are 2 ways you can open a repository with Gitpod:

- Prefix the url with `gitpod.io/#`
- Use the [Browser Extension](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension)

### Development

Once you have opened a repository, you can develop as you usually do! In the next example, we will update our profile from LinkFree.

**_NOTE:_** Be sure that you have a fork of LinkFree in your Github Profile. If you don't have it, check out the [Quickstart Guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart).

Open your fork and follow along.

First, Let's make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:

```bash
git checkout main
git pull upstream main
```

Now we can update our profile. To do this, create a new branch with the following command

```bash
# Replace YOUR_PROFILE_NAME with your actual profile name.
git checkout -b update-YOUR_PROFILE_NAME
```

> Now we are ready to make some modification to our profile. Find the file with your account name in the `data` folder, and modify it as you want.<br />
> For example, you can copy and past the following code

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now we are ready to make some modification to our profile. Find the file with your account name in the `data` folder, and modify it as you want.

For example, you can copy and past the following code
```

Open your fork and follow along.

First, Let's make sure that we have the latest version of the code. To achieve this, run the following commands:

```bash
git checkout main
git pull upstream main
```

Now we can update our profile. To do this, create a new branch with the following command

```bash
# Replace YOUR_PROFILE_NAME with your actual profile name.
git checkout -b update-YOUR_PROFILE_NAME
```

Now we are ready to make some modification to our profile. Find the file with your account name in the `data` folder, and modify it as you want.

For example, you can copy and past the following code

```json
"milestones": [
    {
      "title": "Used Gitpod to Update my Profile",
      "date": "May 2023", // update to the correct date
      "icon": "FaCode",
      "color": "#FFAE33",
      "description": "Started my profile by using Gitpod",
      "url": "https://gitpod.com/"
    }
  ]
```

As a last step, commit the changes and create a PR in the LinkFree Repository.

### Permissions

If you encounter permission issues, follow the next steps:

> - Open the user settings of your Gitpod profile and click on _Integrations_.<br />
> - Click on the 3 dots after Github and choose _Edit Permissions_.<br />
> - Make sure that you have checked _public_repo_ and _workflow_

Reviewer 3: As these are bullet points, they will be on separate lines and do not need `<br />`

```suggestion
- Open the user settings of your Gitpod profile and click on _Integrations_
- Click on the 3 dots after Github and choose _Edit Permissions_
- Make sure that you have checked _public_repo_ and _workflow_
```
